## 9/22/2025
* Worked on making Windows Service for SLA report

## 9/23/2025
* Worked on making Windows Service for SLA report
	* almost completed, faced issue with certificate
	* added TrustCertificate=true to db connection strings

## 9/24/2025
* Worked on making Windows Service for SLA report
	* attempting to publish as single exe
		* cannot use Nuget WinSCP package for this reason
	* got to send files via FTP successfully to our local FTP servers
		* wasn't published as single exe though
* SMARTrack request from Madi to allow Station Managers to access multiple stations
	* "Right now, a Station Manager can access only one station. Madi is asking if we can change that and allow each Station Manager to access a specific set of stations instead of only one station. We will need to change the UI so that System Admin can assign a station manager and select a few stations for that station manager to access. Please assess the efforts needed and let me know if you have any questions. Please discuss with Jim if you need his help with this request."
	* will likely need to add new table to keep track of station managers and their selected stations
* Hong informed of complaint from PAXTrack SAN that they were getting penalized too harshly by SLA compliance logic
	* current rule is that agents are compliant if they arrive either before, on, or 10 minutes after flight arrival time
	* "...Our rules were set with Delta long time ago so that’s correct. Their new score cards evaluate the agent arrival at gate and flight arrival, and it requires agent must arrive at least 10 minutes before flight arrival. They want us to change the field of agent arrival time, if agent arrived at gate on or less than 10 minutes before flight arrival, change the agent arrival time to be 10 minutes before arrival. If agent arrived at gate more than 10 minutes before flight arrival, or after flight arrival, then we don’t change the agent arrival time. Please evaluate what we need to do but we don’t do this change right away. I may discuss with Alex if he is now in charge of the wheelchair services in addition to cabin cleaning services. Thanks, Hong"

## 9/25/2025
* Talked to Hong and Jim about PAXTrack SAN situation
	* current compliance rule used by PAXTrack is ignored by SAN and PAX
	* Delta now requiring agents to arrive at least 10 minutes before flight arrival time
	* vendors find this unfair because they get penalized if they arrive less than 10 minutes before arrival time, which happens frequently due to understaffing
	* vendors only look at agent arrival time and flight arrival time from PAXTrack SLA report for scoring (they use their own calculations)
	* this is the reason Dennis (unifi vendor) is asking to manipulate agent arrival time data for agents arriving less than 10 minutes before arrival since agents are technically arriving on time already
	* Hong is informing Alex (Delta) of situation, so decision is on pause for now
* IntelNexus meeting
	* asked to start working on IntelNexus document first draft
	* halo feature missing on Brian Gray's training site
		* Jonathan updated server02 training site, but not server03 (which Brian Gray uses)
		* updated Jonathan with correct site information

## 9/26/2025
* Updated IntelNexus GST Sites spreadsheet to show the purpose of each IntelNexus site at GST, which database they use, whether they have the map module installed or not, etc.
* Added TYS station to SMARTrack sys2 and sys1
	* still waiting for data and vendor information
	* added so Stanley can set up devices
	* "Please set up the station TYS (Knoxville TN) for LAV-only services. We have not got the data from them yet, but we will need to set up the station without all their data (agents, users, gates, …) so that Stanley can get the devices ready. TYS will start SMARTrack on Monday 10/13, but Stanley will be on vacation the week before thus we need to get the devices ready before Stanley’s vacation. If you want, we may tentatively add flight gates 1, 3, and 5 without Lat/Long for now and update later. - Hong"
* Backed up IntelNexus and HandsetManager DBs
	* automatic db backup I set on HandsetManager still running and making backups but not sending to backup server due to Access Denied
	* however if I run the .bat file manually it successfully does send it over, so need to see what's going on